# INFO 2950 Team Contract

Names/netids:

- Sam Fuchs: scf73
- Max Coleman: mac488
- Leo Decter: ljd83

We agree to the following policies for our team. Once agreed to, these policies
cannot be changed for the duration of the project.

**Team roles. Any specific roles within the group, their responsibilities, and
how those roles will be assigned or rotated.**

We donâ€™t have any specific roles set up because this is so early in the project,
but as we brainstorm and build a more concrete plan (i.e. a real list of tasks),
we will assign those tasks to people during our meetings. Those meetings will
also be an opportunity to talk about the distribution of work and ask for help
if a task takes longer than we expected.

**Decision making: For example: consensus, majority vote, or team captain.**

We will discuss our decisions as a group and come to a consensus that we are all
comfortable with.

**Communication: Methods of communication, expectations for response times.**

We have a group text message. Expect responses within 5 hours. One can respond
by saying that he is and will be unavailable some period of time. We will also
use zoom meetings for more focused/in-depth discussions.

**Meeting times: When and where you will meet, expectations for attendance.**

Set meeting time: Friday 12 PM We will communicate with each other if we meet
the need to meet before that at any point during the project for additional
time.

**Balance of responsibilities: Procedures for ensuring that everyone
contributes.**

At our weekly meeting, we will end by clarifying what tasks people are
responsible for. When we begin our next meeting, each member will discuss their
progress on those tasks. If a member sees a future conflict in being able to
complete his work, he will let the group know.

**Conflict Resolution: What we will do when we identify problems, and how we
will resolve them.**

For all serious conflicts, we would establish a time for a zoom call of another
form of communication so we can talk about the conflict instead of trying to
resolve it over text and other forms of communication.

**Availability: When each member will not be available for any reason, and how
you will work around these absences.**

Expect that people may be asleep between the hours of 12 AM and 10 AM.
